Combined Cancer data page changes (#1809)
elixir-europe/rdmkit: pages/your_domain/cancer_data.md

* Cancer registry data common rules and definitions used within Europe defined by the [European Network of Cancer Registries (ENCR)](https://www.encr.eu/ENCR-Recommendations).
* Exposome data management recommendations under development by [Environmental Exposure Assessment Research Infrastructure (EIRENE-RI)](https://eirene.eu/).
* Exposome (meta)data definitions used within Europe defined by Eurostat, [Euro SDMX Registry](https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/fusionregistry/).
* Exposome variables, if collected on a patient level modality, could be reviewed based on {% tool "1+mg-mdc" %}, considering the specific data domain {% cite "Riba2024" %}.

#### Secondary prevention data

As there are no commonly accepted data collection standards currently, [EOSC4Cancer](https://eosc4cancer.eu/the-project/) developed a harmonised codebook for colorectal cancer screening (based on Dutch, Catalan, Italian and Czech screening codebooks), which could be used as a common basis to be extended to other cancer types.

> Data variables referred to pathological findings in early timepoints could be reviewed based on  {% tool "1+mg-mdc" %}, considering the specific data domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data variables referred to pathological findings in early timepoints could be reviewed based on  {% tool "1pmg-mdc" %}, considering the specific data domains.
```
